ayushis 3
sallyl 3
jjoh 3

Because our project had so much functionality and work to cover, both in frontend and backend, every team member contributed as much as she could. Ayushi contributed a lot to the overall administration of the project, especially by taking the lead in emailing professors, deans, and gather feedback. She also had a lot of ideas that we wish we could have implemented, but we are proud to have definitely expanded upon her "sample schedules" idea. Ayushi also did a lot of work with regards to the presentation and report, as she has a lot of prior experience with this, so she took charge with this when the rest of us were focusing on the code. Because of this leadership, it made it really easy for the rest of us to become organized and to have a guideline as to what we each expect out of our own parts in the project. Sally came in with the most experience in front/back end development and really did take charge with the backend design and setting up for the project. She taught all of us a lot and led us down the right path, especially when our focus was not as narrow. She really did carry us through with how to set up the project in the beginning and how to find resources and learn the technical details, which is absolutely amazing of her, since the rest of us really did not have too much experience with app development. For example, we all had trouble just navigating github in general (as it does get quite confusing sometimes) but she had the patience to sit down with us and repeat the commands that we needed to issue again and again. Her patience was absolutely crucial and grounding. Sally and Juliet both were the main people who understood backend and Django, and I am extremely thankful for them for being able to show me and Ayushi the nitty gritty details of how to navigate the systems they created once we started to merge front end back end. Juliet also was key in backend, especially since she came in with very little knowledge. She worked so hard on scraping, CAS, and creating middleware functions, and she also did a lot with regards to debugging and fixing any errors we had on the website itself. I can definitely tell that she put so much time and effort into this project and her dedication was inspiring for me as well. All three of my partners were became very knowledgeable in the fields that they were assigned to, and I definitely could not have asked for a better project group.